README.md, before:

arc90_javascript_exam
=================

Years ago, when there was yet peace, love, unity and respect in our dens, and we thought it would be cool to recruit people to work with us (during those heady days when we SFX-Arc90 implied working on Beatport would not ultimately destroy us).

Our front-end ninja Darren devised a JavaScript test with our rockstar colleague Clint. The team has moved on, and this test has not been used in ages.

The questions and answers are formated in html documents, because *DOM manipulation*...

[arc_js_test_00](arc_js_test_00.html)
[arc_js_test_01](arc_js_test_01.html)
[arc_js_test_02](arc_js_test_02.html)
[arc_js_test_03](arc_js_test_03.html)
[arc_js_test_04](arc_js_test_04.html)
[arc_js_test_05](arc_js_test_05.html)
[arc_js_test_06](arc_js_test_06.html)
[arc_js_test_07](arc_js_test_07.html)
[arc_js_test_08](arc_js_test_08.html)
[arc_js_test_09](arc_js_test_09.html)

*(Minimal updates made, e.g. fixing output for Question #00, these are the quick answers given then, not how I would do write the code today.)*

Unfortunately, You will need to download the files, and view them in a browser on your machine. Oh, but... Don't say you put CSS and JavaScript in the files themselves?!

I am not feeling so bad about that, considering how it improves simplicity, and can be helpful for performance -- which I was fortunate to hear directly from Ilya Grigorik at Velocity NYC 2013, watch [*Breaking the 1000 ms mobile barrier*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I4vX-twze9I).

It is easy to recommend Grigorik's book [*“High Performance Browser Networking”*](http://chimera.labs.oreilly.com/books/1230000000545/index.html), though I have hardly read my copy...

Draft questions with my answers were shared via [email](arc_js_test_original.txt). When asked if I had a gist, the answer was obviously *no*, but now there is *repository*.

Commit message:

fix markdown formatting of file list

README.md, after:

arc90_javascript_exam
=================

Years ago, when there was yet peace, love, unity and respect in our dens, and we thought it would be cool to recruit people to work with us (during those heady days when we SFX-Arc90 implied working on Beatport would not ultimately destroy us).

Our front-end ninja Darren devised a JavaScript test with our rockstar colleague Clint. The team has moved on, and this test has not been used in ages.

The questions and answers are formated in html documents, because *DOM manipulation*...

- [arc_js_test_00](arc_js_test_00.html)
- [arc_js_test_01](arc_js_test_01.html)
- [arc_js_test_02](arc_js_test_02.html)
- [arc_js_test_03](arc_js_test_03.html)
- [arc_js_test_04](arc_js_test_04.html)
- [arc_js_test_05](arc_js_test_05.html)
- [arc_js_test_06](arc_js_test_06.html)
- [arc_js_test_07](arc_js_test_07.html)
- [arc_js_test_08](arc_js_test_08.html)
- [arc_js_test_09](arc_js_test_09.html)

*(Minimal updates made, e.g. fixing output for Question #00, these are the quick answers given then, not how I would do write the code today.)*

Unfortunately, you need to download html to a local file to view in a browser (otherwise scripts will not run). Oh, but... Don't say you put CSS and JavaScript in the files themselves?!

I am not feeling so bad about that, considering how it improves simplicity, and can be helpful for performance -- which I was fortunate to hear directly from Ilya Grigorik at Velocity NYC 2013, watch [*Breaking the 1000 ms mobile barrier*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I4vX-twze9I).

It is easy to recommend Grigorik's book [*“High Performance Browser Networking”*](http://chimera.labs.oreilly.com/books/1230000000545/index.html), though I have hardly read my copy...

Draft questions with my answers were shared via [email](arc_js_test_original.txt). When asked if I had a gist, the answer was obviously *no*, but now there is *repository*.
